Yet More Cool Stuff From Japan!
Published on May 12, 2006.
So my brother recently came back from a trip to Japan, and he brought back some stuff for me!
Here’s an inventory of the random junk I got:
Dr. Clinic Gum
So the only reason he bought this gum was the weird name.
I guess it’ll fix my breath or something.
It has a picture of a tooth under an umbrella…
Random Buddhist Charms
My brother told me these were to hang in my car so I don’t get into so many car wrecks.
I actually have a Mr. T air freshener protecting my car right now, so I pity the fool who tries to smash into it!
Ichigo Candy
So this candy says “ichigo” on it, which means strawberry.
It also says “ramune” like the drink.
I haven’t opened it yet, but it looks sorta pez-like in nature.
Melonpanna Stamp
This Melonpanna thing is a character from some anime.
The base comes off and has a hidden stamp!
Melonpanna spins frantically when you use the stamp.
Pretty cool, but I wish it had a melon pan scent to it too…
Also pictured is the capsule that the toys came in, and the Final Fantasy Advent Children insert thingy.
Naruto Phone Thing
Sweet! It’s a Naruto phone thingy.
You strap it onto your phone like a Japanese schoolgirl.
It appears as though Naruto is either jumping, or on the ground in pain.
I vote for the latter.
He seems to do that a lot.
Random Bubblegum
This bubblegum comes in three flavors: Cola, Grapefruit, and (tsubu tsubu?) Ichigo.
It looks pretty good, so I’ll be consuming this shortly.
Roz from Final Fantasy Advent Children
Believe it or not, I haven’t actually seen the movie yet, so I have no idea who this is.
Cloud or Tifa would’ve been so awesome, but this is cool too.
Is this guy a Turk or something?
I hardly remember the plot for Final Fantasy VII…
Super Mario Flashplate
Apparently, this is a pretty rare item.
It’s a diorama with an lcd on it, and it flashes using solar power.
It’s the thing in Super Mario Brothers where you can get the koopa troopa on a step, and get infinite 1-ups by jumping on it while it bounce back at you.
I used to be able to do this as a kid, but I don’t really have the patience anymore…
Well, that’s all.
Thanks to my brother for getting all this cool stuff.
He really saved me a trip to Jlist.com .
You can see his blog here .